*: add experimental warnings (#2832)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md

## Expression index

> **Warning:**
>

> > This is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use this attribute in the production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Expression index is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in the production environment.
```
